It’s the end of another
day at Peppa’s play group.
Children, tomorrow is Talent Day.
What is a talent?
A talent is something you
like doing and you are good at.
I like to watch
television and I am good at it.
Think of something we
might like to see you do.
My talent is playing the guitar.
The parents have
arrived to pick up the children.
Don’t forget to think of
something to do for Talent Day tomorrow.
It is bedtime for Peppa and George.
I can’t go to bed yet.
I haven’t got a talent to show tomorrow.
But you have lots of talents, Peppa.
Yes, I can skip.
I can sing.
Twinkle, twinkle, little star. I can dance.
It’s hard to choose one talent.
I am good at lots of things.
Don’t worry, you can decide tomorrow.
Ok.
It is Talent Day.
My talents are
skipping, singing and dancing.
I practiced them all last night.
I was practicing
watching television last night.
That’s not a talent.
Madame Gazelle said so.
What can I do then?
Who would like to
show us their talent first?
Danny Dog
I can bang a drum.
I can bang it louder.
No, that was lovely, Danny.
Pedro Pony, what’s your talent?
Magic Tricks.
Here’s a glass of water.
It is wet and see-through.
Now I will make the water disappear.
Please close your eyes.
Open your eyes.
The water has gone.
Thank you.
Emily Elephant,
I am going to play the recorder.
And what is your talent, Rebecca?
I can make a special noise.
It only works if I gulp on my tiptoes.
That was the hiccup…
Yes, but what can I do?
Candy, what is your talent?
Skipping.
I was going to do skipping.
But I can still do dancing and singing.
My talent is singing.
I can still do dancing.
Suzie Sheep, what is your talent?
Dancing
No. you can’t dance….
Oh, dear, dancing was Peppa’s last talent.
It is so nice that everyone has
chosen a different talent to perform
Now, what do we have left, Peppa.
I was going to skip, or sing, or dance!
But they have all been done.
A talent can be anything, Peppa.
But not watching television.
Think of something you really like to do.
I know! I’ve got a
talent that’s I’m really good at.
I wonder what Peppa’s talent could be.
My special talent that’s
the best dance in the whole world,
is jumping up and down in muddy puddle!
Peppa loves jumping up
and down in muddy puddles.
Everyone loves jumping
up and down in muddy puddles.